feat(tracing-w/o-performance): Updated docs to respect orphan errors … (#7701)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/tracing/trace-view.mdx

### Orphan Traces and Broken Subtraces

> In a fully instrumented system, a span in one service will connect to a transaction in a subsequent service. For a variety of reasons, a transaction in a service may not arrive in Sentry. When Sentry encounters these types of transactions within a trace, we link the transactions with a dashed line since they can no longer be directly connected to the root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a fully instrumented system, a span in one service will connect to a transaction in a subsequent service. For a variety of reasons, a transaction in a service may not arrive in Sentry. When Sentry encounters these types of transactions within a trace, the transactions are linked with a dashed line since they can no longer be directly connected to the root, creating an orphan trace.

```

Clarify that this is a case of an orphan trace (I think) and add an extra line to start a new paragraph

> In addition, broken subtraces can occur when Sentry receives an error for a trace, but the corresponding transaction does not exist. Such errors are linked using dashed lines and clicking on the row takes us to the corresponding **Issue Details** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, broken subtraces can occur when Sentry receives an error for a trace, but the corresponding transaction does not exist. Such errors are linked using dashed lines and clicking on the row takes you to the corresponding **Issue Details** page.
```

Since the rest of the page uses "you" not "us"
